integrate the below new features to the web app, allow the admin add new job listings from the backend and also allow the admin edit, delete and update job listings and ensure that the admin can fully manage all users application from a clean dashboard , and an inbuilt chat system , where the admin can reply to job applications from candidates , with a seamless correspondence between both parties with a notification that popups on the each users account and also the admins dashboard. 

integrate the below listed content and features all over the web app.

discovered that the application form gives an error , kindly resolve it and ensure a seamless application and submission process.

integrate a bank transfer system to the web app and allow the admin change , edit and update what account will be used for payment. admin can select to add addon to the job application , like visa sponsorship, flight tickets and work permit , the application is free but allow this addons to be integrated to the job applications with checkout payments.

integrate the attached images to relevant sections of the web app



WE PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING: Candidates Support 
✅ Visa Sponsorship 
✅ Flight Ticket 
✅ Work Permit 

Apply with us today
Skilled and experienced only

Welcome to the next step with Bluestar Alliance Company Limited, Your skills stood out and we're looking for people who take ownership and deliver. Because we believe we grow by hiring people who are better than yesterday. Come ready to show us how you think, work, and win. Whether you join us now or later, keep building your edge. And we’re excited to see what you can bring to the team. This is your chance to build something meaningful with us — let’s make it count. 

🚨The opportunity is real if you're ready for it.

We Provide The Following
✅ Visa Sponsorship
✅ Flight Ticket
✅ Work Permit

To meet the demand for construction and skilled trade workers globally Bluestar Alliance Company Limited, is modernizing it's workforce programs. We're focused on industry-driven and hands-on training that turns job seekers into the experts building an amazing future when they apply with us.

CANDIDATES SUPPORT FOR YOUR IMMIGRATION & EMPLOYMENT DOCUMENTS – FLEXIBLE DEFERRED OPTION AVAILABLE

Dear Value Applicants/Candidates,

Thank you for your interest in joining Bluestar Alliance Company Limited and for the effort you’ve already put into your application.

We understand that obtaining all required employment and immigration documents can be difficult, time-consuming, and financially burdensome. The process often involves multiple government agencies, long wait times, and unexpected costs that can create significant stress for candidates and their families.

To prevent these challenges from delaying or hindering your employment with us, we strongly recommend our FLEXIBLE DEFERRED OPTION under the Candidate Support Program.

WHY CHOOSE THE FLEXIBLE DEFERRED OPTION?
1. PREMIUM PROCESSING – All documents are processed on a priority basis and completed within 15 BUSINESS DAYS, helping to facilitate your employment with us quickly.

2. REDUCED FINANCIAL BURDEN –Your commitment is highly needed in this process. You do not have to pay the full costs for this process upfront only an initial amount for Administrative processes, while the company covers the rest cost with an installment 12 month payment. This option is designed to ease the immediate financial pressure of securing immigration paperwork.

3. FULL TRANSPARENCY – All immigration documents are issued directly in your name and handled through official, verifiable channels.

4. DEDICATED HR SUPPORT – Our HR team will guide you personally through every step of the immigration and employment process to ensure a smooth, successful outcome.

Over 74 APPLICANTS HAVE ALREADY CHOSEN THE FLEXIBLE DEFERRED OPTION and are pleased with how much stress and uncertainty it removed from their journey. They are now progressing confidently toward their start dates with us.

If you do not currently have all your employment and immigration documents ready, we encourage you to opt for this program. It is the most efficient way to ensure your documentation does not become a barrier to your employment.

To apply for the Flexible Deferred Option or to ask any questions, please reply to this email or contact our HR team directly at bluestaralliancecompanyltd@gmail.com. We are committed to supporting you every step of the way.

We look forward to welcoming you to Bluestar Alliance Company Limited.

Kind regards,
Sharon Healey MacKinnon  
Human Resources Department  
Bluestar Alliance Company Limited
